Fixing error at Class Constraint Validator (#11180)
symfony/symfony-docs: validation/custom_constraint.rst

Class Constraint Validator
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Besides validating a single property, a constraint can have an entire class

> as its scope. Just add this to the ``Constraint`` class::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as its scope. You only need to add this to the ``Constraint`` class::
```

Author: :-)

Reviewer 2: I made this change while merging. It's important to not use words like *"Just"* in this way because lots of newcomers consider them "nocive". We do this because nothing is "simple", "easy", "obvious" or "just ..." when you are starting to learn something.

Author: @javiereguiluz: I see your point. But, to be honest, I can't see much of a difference between "just" and "only" ;-)

Anyway, off-topic question: When exactly are changes going live at https://symfony.com/ ? Is there a "release" process? Or just some delay?

Reviewer 2: I don't know the exact details ... but docs are built several times per day, so updates are usually quick. Thanks.
